Just put down random ideas


1. Location-based Instagram
   > post photos to the location where the photo was taken
   > view photos taken by others based on location (just like browsing nearby restaurants in Google Map)
   > like posts/ save posts/ follow accounts (just like Instagram)
   
   e.g. a professional took an amazing photo of the cat in RJ canteen, he posts it 
   on our app with a description(how he took the photo, how he found the cat, how cute the cat is, etc.).
   Users can see the post represented by a dot in the main page(a map view) pinpointed at the location of RJ canteen, 
   clicking on the dot, users can view the full post(the photo, the description, the uploader, etc.)
   
   The point of the whole app is to let people discover how beautiful their ordinary surroundings can be in photos, 
   and for photographers to post their work in a different and interesting way.
   

2. Konsult (Education-based ActiveSG)
   > students can book consultations with teachers via the app
   > teachers can set consult timings to be available for students to select
   > Event will be saved in both the student and teachers' calendar
   > makes it more convenient to book consults with the teachers (instead of email etc.)
   

3. Edu2 
   > Matches up students with opposing abilities, so that they can help each other to improve in specific fields
   
   e.g. Student A is good at math, but poor at chemistry. Student B is poor at math, but good at chemistry. If both students are on the 
   app, then the app will match both these students (subject to both their approvals). 
   
   > They can even rate each other (like Uber drivers)


4. Stress App
   > App will have features to help the student mitigate his workload (just like other apps out there)
   > At the same time, app will give them motivation
      > Mood-tracker
      > Inspiring quotes shown to students based on the mood for the day
      > Can journal inside, and AI can pickup how the student may be feeling, and give specific advice based on the mood
